Create documentation for component and related packages (#7)
kyma-incubator/documentation-component: packages/open-api-render-engine/README.md

# Open-api render engine

## Overview

This render engine is based on [swagger-ui-dist](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui) component.

## Installation

```bash
npm i @kyma-project/dc-open-api-render-engine
```

## Options

| Name | Required | Type | Default value | Description |
|---|---|---|---|---|

> | `plugins` | NO | `any` | `[]` | Custom plugins for [swagger-ui-dist](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui) component. More info [here](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui/blob/master/docs/customization/plugin-api.md) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `plugins` | No | `any` | `[]` | Defines custom plugins for the [Swagger UI](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui) component. Read [this](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui/blob/master/docs/customization/plugin-api.md) document for more details.|
```

> | `schemaUrl` | NO | `any` | `{}` | Custom schema for [swagger-ui-dist](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `schemaUrl` | No | `any` | `{}` | Defines the custom schema for the [SwaggerUI](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui) component. |
```

> > **NOTE**: For information how to pass options of render engine, read [this](../../docs/props/render-engines.md#passing-globally-options) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: To learn how to pass configuration options of a render engine to the component, read [this](../../docs/props/render-engines.md#passing-globally-options) document.
```
